There he is.
Get up here
Phineas
Auntie brought you here, I woke up here
Have you seen staying up late?
He seems to have fallen into a mass grave
Go look for it
Go yes
Want me to say
This stinky bitch should be thrown into the mass grave
Fall to death
It's a scourge to keep it
Again, it's you who fell into the outsider's pit
YES YES YES
Fei, when we found him
It's half buried in the loess
Fortunately, there is still breath
Say it.
You are you who want to hurt me
Are you trying to hurt me?
You hurt me?
cool
Say who hurt you
It was Ah Bao who wanted to kill me
He took me out of the prison on purpose
Then they dragged me into a mass grave and buried me alive
You fuck you bloody
Luna was also brought in by him
If you don't believe me, you can look at the tear stains on his body.
He also said that Fei Ge meant what he meant
He is the real boss of the company